delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea acuminata
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea angolica
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea carvalhoi
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea dargei
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea denticulata
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea lobata
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea murphyi
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea zernyi
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea tridens
delete|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea namibiana
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus maculifemur
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus lamottei
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus pallidus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus montanus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus gillonae
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus flavicoxa
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus hamatus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus guentheri
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus raggei
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus pierrei
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus villiersi
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus tanzanicus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus cherlonneixi
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus descampsi
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus enei
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus falcatus
delete|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus annulatus
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea acuminata
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea angolica
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea carvalhoi
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea dargei
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea denticulata
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea lobata
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea murphyi
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea zernyi
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea tridens
insert|branch|Oxypiloidea|Oxypiloidea namibiana
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus maculifemur
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus lamottei
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus pallidus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus montanus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus gillonae
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus flavicoxa
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus hamatus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus guentheri
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus raggei
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus pierrei
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus villiersi
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus tanzanicus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus cherlonneixi
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus descampsi
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus enei
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus falcatus
insert|branch|Oxypilus|Oxypilus annulatus
